[docs] Update explain and fix bug (#1614)
apache/doris-website: docs/sql-manual/sql-statements/Data-Manipulation-Statements/Manipulation/EXPLAIN.md

regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

## Description

The EXPLAIN statement displays Doris's query execution plan for a given query. Doris's query optimizer aims to create an efficient plan using statistical data, data characteristics, and features like HASH JOIN, partitioning, and bucketing. However, due to theoretical and practical constraints, the plan may sometimes under perform. 

To improve performance, it's essential to analyze the current plan. This article teaches how to use the EXPLAIN statement for optimization.

## Syntax

```sql
{EXPLAIN | DESC} [VERBOSE] <query_block>
```

## Required Parameters

**<query_block>**

> > The query statement for which you want to view the execution plan.

Reviewer: This is the query statement for which you want the explain plan.

|                                                  |
| PLAN FRAGMENT 3                                  |
|   ...                                            |
+--------------------------------------------------+
```

Operators are linked to their child nodes with dashed lines. When an operator has multiple children, they are arranged vertically, representing a right-to-left order. In the example above, operator 6 (VHASH JOIN) has operator 5 (EXCHANGE) as its left child and operator 4 (EXCHANGE) as its right child.

### Fragment Field Descriptions

| Name               | Description                                                  |
| :----------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| PARTITION          | Displays the data distribution of the current Fragment       |
| HAS_COLO_PLAN_NODE | Indicates if the fragment contains colocate operators        |
| Sink               | The method of fragment data output, see the table below for details |

**Sink Methods**

| Name               | Description                                                  |
| :----------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |

> | STREAM DATA SINK   | Outputs data to the next Fragment. It includes two lines of information.<br />First line: The downstream EXCHANGE NODE to which data is sent.<br />Second line: The method of data distribution. UNPARTITIONED means each downstream instance receives the full data set.<br />This typically occurs in broadcast joins or when single-instance logic is required, such as global limit or order by.<br />RANDOM means each downstream instance receives a random subset of data without repetition.<br />HASH_PARTITIONED uses the listed slots as keys to hash and send data shards to the same downstream instance. This is often used upstream of partition hash joins or the second stage of two-phase aggregations. |

Reviewer: 这里的换行有些问题
```
Second Line
 - UNPARTITIONED
 - RANDOM
 - HASH_PARTITIONED
```

| OLAP TABLE SINK    | Writes data to an OLAP table.                                |
| MultiCastDataSinks | A multicast operator that contains multiple STREAM DATA SINKs. Each STREAM DATA SINK sends the full data set to its downstream. |

### Tuple Information Description

When using VERBOSE mode, Tuple information is output. Tuple information describes the SLOT details within a row of data, including SLOT type, nullable status, etc.

The output contains multiple TupleDescriptors, each containing multiple SlotDescriptors. An example is shown below:

```sql
Tuples:
TupleDescriptor{id=0, tbl=t1}
  SlotDescriptor{id=0, col=c1, colUniqueId=0, type=int, nullable=true, isAutoIncrement=false, subColPath=null}
  SlotDescriptor{id=2, col=c3, colUniqueId=2, type=int, nullable=true, isAutoIncrement=false, subColPath=null}
```

#### TupleDescriptor

| Name | Description                                                  |
| :--- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| id   | The id of the tuple descriptor                               |

> | tbl  | The corresponding table of the tuple, or left blank if not applicable |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tbl  | The corresponding table of the tuple, or 1null` if not applicable |
```

#### SlotDescriptor

| Name            | Description                                                  |
| :-------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| id              | The id of the slot descriptor                                |

> | col             | The corresponding column of the slot, or left blank if not applicable |

Reviewer: null
